https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8550 (#5831)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_governance.adoc

For more about deprecations and removals, see xref:../release_notes/deprecate_remove.adoc#deprecations-removals[Deprecations and removals].

[#grc-resources-not-cleaned-up]

> == Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) resources not cleaned up properly when the component is disabled in multicluster hub (MCH) 

Reviewer: We do not typically write GRC in the docs. It is sufficient to use Governance. Shortened the title since you are explaining the MCH portion in the description 
```suggestion
== Governance resources not cleaned up properly when the component is disabled 
```

//2.9:8550

> GRC resources are not being cleaned up properly. When the component is set to `false` or is disabled in MCH, the GRC component is removed before it can clean up the add-ons that it manages. 

Reviewer: MCH is the MultiClusterHub operator and it manages, upgrades, and installs hub cluster components: https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.9_stage/about/architecture.adoc#hub-cluster
```suggestion
Governance resources are not being cleaned up properly. When the component is set to `false` or is disabled in the `MultiClusterHub` operator, the governance component is removed before it can clean up the add-ons that it manages. 
```
